This is a head gamma original.
Why do I record just when on you says, why must I be on screen high-res?
My eyes are dry, why do I try to make quizz?
It's always been, I make shit that y'all hate, has me all like, I won't pull my weight.
Sheel hates me, K.C. hates me, so does my son.
It's hard to be me.
It's not how I sound.
It's not that I'm round.
It's just that I'm me.
Yet I'm filled with glee.
And hoping y'all aren't.
And even our sad, that I have had a song without charm.
It's hard to be me.
What have you become?
What's that?
Sorry, I can't hear anything.
Were you singing?
I thought that sounded really good, Jeff.
Really?
Yeah.
Maybe it's not that hard to be me.
That was awesome of Mike at a say.
Is that a Frank Sinatra song?
It had to be you or something?
It's like an old standard.
I think Harry Connick Jr. might have had it first.
It had to be you, right?
It had to be you.
It's hard to be me.
I don't know which song is more iconic at this point.
In terms of what would we refer to it as?
Yeah, it would be the first.
It would be the the the Connick Sinatra joint.
Yeah, but Johnny be good.
Oh, my God.
What's up there?
It's entire cough.
Oh, my God.
So much of it.
That was a pint.
It was a pint.
Yes.
I was going to comment on how I was a pint last time.
I think he took a huge pint last time.
Oh, my God.
Yeah.
Which is a lot in a glass.
But when it spills, it feels like a lot.
It's actually devastating to lose that much coffee because he needed that.
I don't know what time it is in hell.
I guess it's I mean, it's noon in the light.
He shouldn't need it.
But he planned to be sipping that throughout the whole podcast.
Exactly.
And remember when you spilled that like 16 ounce coke on Ben's rug and it just felt like a lot.
Because like liquid when it spills out.
Just went everywhere.
Yeah.
I tried and that was probably that much to clean that up.
And that's probably that much, right?
Yeah.
I mean, and it's totally directly onto the wires.
Cables and the chair and it's a that's a not of wires, right?
That's the nexus of the microphone.
Impossibly clean wires.
From there under the carpet to the body that you get.
What did you even begin?
It starts with a lot of paper towels.
Maybe the room is so.
The room is so cool.
To clean the came back with.
That is in.
There's no way back with the new caucus.
There aren't paper towels in the office.
So that's it.
We give up that that just needs to be soaked up by a towel.
That's a full.
That's going to be soaked up by the rug.
The thing is about this room is also so small.
So to get back there.
You basically need to take the chairs and couch.
It's never changed.
They have no way to a deep clean right now.
Essentially to clean this studio.
We have to move.
Yes.
Yeah.
There's no way we can move all the furniture and then begin to clean the things.
It would take as long as the podcast would.
Let's see what is come back with.
What is that?
Just napkins.
It's hard napkins with a design.
This whole thing kicked off with him singing a song.
It's hard to beat me.
It's failing.
Those are the least absorbent.
That's basically printer paper.
Don't have paper towels.
The all party napkins.
My experience in the last minute and a half is me like scrambling.
Like swinging open cabinets in the kitchen being like there has to be.
There has to be no.
Yeah.
Luckily caught.
It was a lot.
It's the number one.
Yeah.
I mean it luckily.
It's going to be covered by the.
It's wires plus carpet.
The table.
So we're fine.
He's just loose.
He's not even pressing down like just to dab.
He's just playing on top.
Laying on top.
And it's like decorative napkins which are like super.
Not absorbing you know because you have to print on them.
Look man.
It's the week I guess.
No.
You're just posturing like you're cleaning it up.
It's not going to do anything.
That's what you would have to put down before you spilled.
Sure.
Like that's tarp.
I almost did it.
Yes.
You're putting basically a wee we've had on top of an already spilled area of the rug.
Oh, that's interesting.
I think the biggest bummer here is that.
I had a large loop through that.
I was excited to enjoy and then now it's going on.
That's so.
Where was it from?
It was that lock.
It was from lock alone.
The guys have that in the.
I think lock alone is actually low key that the.
Some of the worst coffee around.
I agree.
I don't like it.
But sometimes too smooth.
Yeah.
It's not.
It needs that bite.
There's nothing.
There's no there there.
Yeah.
Exactly.
I think you fill it up.
Is in our fridge.
I don't trust that there is coffee there either.
There's a lot of office.
There was a paper towel.
Because oftentimes we don't have paper towels.
The keg is often gone.
Yeah.
There and it has coffee.
Um.
Well, good start.
Good stuff.
We should say that.
Yeah.
I'm here.
You're in town for what?
New York comedy festival or something?
Yeah.
We have a head gym show on Monday.
So it's a lot of y'all in the studio and me in the.
LA studio solo solo.
Yeah.
No one to ask.
Hey, are there paper towels?
Hmm.
So nobody knew that you'd be spilling an entire coffee today.
So maybe that paper towels.
I don't know if it's just like the universe trying to balance me out.
Because I was writing that high of how well received the song was.
And will be.
I think only Mike could give you a compliment on it.
Yeah, but Mike accounts for a lot of what.
Honestly, we'll get to how Mike accounts for how life can be good or bad.
Oh, Mike has a bell weather.
It's called to worship.
But actually, I don't mind.
Mike is doing a show at the bell house called Mike is a bell weather.
That's interesting.
Yeah, I don't think it's a show at the bell house.
We're doing a show at caveat.
Yeah.
Mike are those the Clark's wallets?
Yeah, they are.
I just copped a pair of the maple swayed man.
Did you get the high top or the low?
Yeah, the high is a little bit more wearable.
A little too square for me in terms of business attire
and also the way it shaped.
Yeah, though.
Don't get giddy when you talk to my brother.
Be neutral or bad of it.
What's the energy over there?
Usually when people are either on the zoom with me or in the room with me.
I can tell sort of a attempt for three-shirty PM on a Friday afternoon vibe.
So eager to leave and tired to be.
Seeger to Carl.
Fuck you guys.
That was good.
The hard to be eating the car.
The feeling the coffee bit.
And all of it culminating with Seeger to Carl.
I'm happy we got it on video.
I'd like to see how that, how much fell in what it looked like.
Yeah, I don't know if the camera picked up on the floor.
Because there's not a producer here.
Just the shot of you with the glass next to you.
Ultimately, that we can get to the wide.
Does it smell strongly of coffee?
Oh, it wreaks of beans.
Yeah, it's good.
Do you have a wide shot?
I have a wide shot.
I have all I can see how it's going.
And I know angles.
We have it.
We have it on camera for sure.
Great.
I kind of didn't want to talk about the lyrics, though, there.
I do believe those things.
It is hard to be you.
It's hard to be me.
You know, it's like I, you know, everyone hates you.
Yeah.
Oh, not everyone.
It's been a human history that the top 1% of people to be.
Really.
Everything was billions and billions of people have it worse than you.
Yeah.
You were born on third base for sure.
If not already on home.
Right.
So it's not hard to be you.
Well, it's hard in terms of like the day to day.
Maybe not like when we started or where.
Historically, never been easier to be anybody but you.
It's hard to because it's like, well, you know, because you got to like, yeah.
You're not listening.
Why?
It's hard to get harder for everyone.
Nearly everyone else in human history, but you.
Right.
But it's like so hard to be Casey because you make it harder on Casey.
No.
And I get that.
I just want to say is that harder to be on you.
Why do I have to record when on you says I have to.
You know what I mean?
Like, it gets incredible education opportunities that I was afforded and like,
You know, and then you're 25 and you live in Silver Lake.
Exactly right.
And like, I never really had like a real job after high school.
I like.
Yeah.
You haven't had to work hard.
We and you live incredibly comfortable.
Me and I'm your king made you.
Should you believe that?
We're king made you.
Basically, W by accident.
I said, watch this space slash the throne and then sat me on it.
And then it's been, but four years of regret.
More.
The issue was the mic.
I was fine before I had a show.
Yeah.
That's true.
You didn't have a platform.
Right.
I had platform heels that I swapped out for Clark's Wall Obvious.
This show.
Maple.
Yeah.
I heard Emma fairly shuffle like that.
Yeah, Emma's here, but she's been with us for all.
Recording sessions today.
So as we were all excited and tired.
We are sorry.
Yes.
Yeah.
How how the reception of the first episode go.
Do you guys want to talk about that for a bit?
Yeah.
I think it's mostly positive.
I've seen some good comments on YouTube and Twitter and stuff.
Sure.
What about listenership?
Is it bigger than?
Thank you.
Why are you?
Yeah.
What about listenership?
I think on average, this one is bigger because it's like the first one back.
I'd be interested to see where we average out in the long run.
But right.
For now, yeah, higher.
Are you worried that it's going to be like.
Just cliff dive next week.
80,000 impressions to what?
Four.
Right.
That I wouldn't be worried about that.
Okay.
To four?
No.
Yeah.
I don't think 40,000 or four.
Right.
I hear something.
Yeah.
Still not worried about that.
Okay.
No.
Yeah.
Spill it again.
What is it?
Oh.
What about reception to the quality of content in terms of the sentence?
Yeah.
I feel like that was covered in oral censorship.
How are people receiving the show?
We said, people like it.
And then you're drilling down on the detail.
How the quality of the segment?
Nobody waiting on that specific, I guess.
And they definitely didn't weigh on on specifically not that either.
Because other than that, there's not much to comment on.
Okay.
Guys, I'm not your enemy here.
Right?
Like I'm trying to promote your ass.
I'm trying to.
Your show.
I'm trying to shed light on it.
And also, you know, kind of interview you about it in a way.
You know, it's a press drum getting almost.
And you guys are coming at me like you're expecting the other shoe to drop.
Yeah.
No.
I mean, so far you asked.
I think the same question twice.
But you didn't.
I didn't mean to jump down your throat.
You could ask more questions about it.
We're happy to.
Okay.
So like chat.
In terms of like, I don't know, like.
Yeah.
Exactly.
Thank goodness.
Of the density of laughs.
Last permanent.
Where do you think you landed in that?
Because there was the rap for a bit.
But, you know, I don't know much.
You're asking us how many laughs per minute.
Yeah.
It's like laughs per page.
You know what I mean?
Like jokes per page.
Like it's a numbers game ultimately of.
And somebody who was too tune in week after week.
I mean, don't get me started.
They don't track that.
But we thought people are like, no, I'm not saying.
Guys.
I'm not saying like statistically like tracking data.
I mean, your impression of how it went.
Great.
It was joke dense.
Let's let's not argue.
That was always as full of jokes.
And we had a good time and it was received well.
I love that.
I love to hear that.
That really does bring me joy.
Mike, I feel like I haven't talked you in a minute.
It's been a while.
Yeah.
Has it felt like a respite to you or have you missed me?
No, I missed you.
It's hard to be me.
Yeah, it's good to see you.
How's uh, what's the worst thing going on in your life right now?
I, um, we, we're going to play Padel.
Sure.
Have you played?
No.
Is that like Roger's battle tennis?
Oh, nice.
But it's called Padel.
It's a different sport.
Okay.
Slightly.
Who's we AD?
The three of us plus Joel.
Hmm.
The worst thing that happened to me is Jake backed out of the second hour of Padel.
Um, because he's feeling sore from a couple of.
A few and I have a flu and I got a flu and COVID vaccine yesterday.
So my body's feeling sore.
So I didn't feel like I could play two hours of Padel.
I get, um, after Mike unilaterally made the decision yesterday to book us for two hours instead of one.
Guys, save it for the courts.
I mean, this is perfect.
You might do a play on the same team.
You hit each other the racket.
Um, so the hardest thing is that Jake can't.
That's a pretty good, you're in a pretty good spot.
Would you say you're very joyful this year?
Yeah.
Things are good.
What about the dog sitting?
That's the dog sitting.
Um, and dog sitting a puppy that has her period.
It's bleeding all over my apartment.
She's shedding.
Is that what you said?
No, she's bleeding.
Oh.
Well, she's shedding her coat and also her uterine lining.
I can't.
I don't know.
Yeah.
That's what it is.
That's right.
Good job.
Even though it's like seeing if you were laughing.
I assume it's the same.
Jeff, I've been like this whole time.
You will know if I'm laughing.
This sucks.
And it's really sensitive.
It picks everything up.
Um, how many minutes has it been?
Like.
I think she started.
You can ask as the host of a podcast.
I'm wondering if it's time for the first segment.
Or if we should still just be laughing.
It's time.
I think it's time.
I think it is time.
Perfect.
Episode to dive into that ye old,
harkened debate of New York versus LA.
Because I'm right.
What's that?
I tried.
I said all right.
I was encouraging you to move forward.
Sort of dating up on me so far.
People in New York kind of coming at me.
I don't know if it's because I'm in LA or.
Because you trash the office while we weren't there.
Well, you're even going to do with those.
Uh, napkins.
You think you'll keep them there on the floor.
So come in.
They.
They've been soaking.
You can't really tell me.
They look bone dry.
You didn't step on them till like sort of.
You know when you spell something on a carpet.
Yes, well, I'm just done in step on it.
She was a dab, not wrong.
I didn't.
Guys.
Let's get into the debate.
All right.
Okay.
New York versus LA.
Y'all are in New York.
Is that fair to say?
Yeah.
You said let's get into the debate.
So let's get into the debate.
You're still clear if you're anything new or is it just an open concept.
We'll talk about the things people always say about.
It's an open dialogue.
Our pinch pointed fucking debate points here.
Go on.
What is traffic for New York?
Yes.
Of course.
But I'm going to play devil's advocate because it's a debate.
So traffic.
And it's worse where.
That's what we have to figure out.
I'm going to say LA because there's not really public transport.
There is, but it's not ideal.
And even if you take the bus here in the traffic.
If you're New York.
Yeah.
There's traffic.
But it's driving like a nobody.
If you're not in the U.S.
You're not in the car.
The worst.
Do you want to have a debate or do you want to just yell at us?
The worst I've seen or experienced has been the L stopping at 330 in the morning for maintenance.
And then I have to go upstairs to the street level and take a lift back to AJ and Johnny's house.
Yeah.
Which isn't bad because at that point.
No traffic.
Exactly.
Yeah.
And I'm already in Williamsburg and I only have to get out to Ridgewood.
Right.
Seems like the hardest is getting to the airport.
Seems like the hardest for PM flight.
Yeah.
It's being you.
Is that what you're going to say?
Well, I was going to say, yeah.
It's hard to be me.
Yeah.
But that's not related to the city.
So that's why I stopped myself sort of self edited.
Um, Micah traffic.
Yeah.
I think, um.
There's a lot of traffic.
Car traffic.
Sure.
There's a lot of car traffic in New York.
Definitely.
But I think it's justified because the city is so dense.
Yeah.
In LA, it seems more like this traffic because the city's so poorly organized.
Thank you.
You know.
Thank you for saying that.
Is that fair?
That is fair.
And that way, I didn't have to say it because I'm so worried in this segment that it
Amir's going to fucking blow up at me because I know he loves LA because he grew up in LA.
What born and raised?
I mean, I understand that traffic is hard.
Yeah.
I'm not mad at you saying that.
Okay.
Moving on to quality of dash slash ass.
Yeah.
That's an interesting question.
What were the two words?
dash slash.
Sash.
Gash.
It's really that you never messed up because it's always an essay.
Yeah.
When he asked you what the words were, you messed up several additional times.
And it's never.
It's never the S.
It's always S.H.
Yeah.
It shouldn't trip you up.
Okay.
Anyone else that?
I'm not going to let the word.
I said that.
That's the answer.
That's.
Ash.
S or Ash.
Gash.
I thought he was saying so.
Like which which.
She's a scraze.
That was so well.
Which city has better quality.
Oh.
These actual partners.
Exactly.
Who's hotter, New York Railways?
But are you saying slash ass or Ash?
Ash.
But it spelled.
I got it.
Are we not accurate?
I'm not accurate.
Personality.
Yeah.
I think New York wins.
New York for sure.
Yeah.
That seemed like an insult towards New York
because you had to specify personality, though.
Well, I mean, it's a toss-up if you're not.
If it just looks, I think if it's just look-
I think if it's just-
Yeah, Newton, New York, New Yorkers are hotter.
I think they're hotter.
And I don't know if it's just that you're on the subway
and you're seeing everybody that's attractive
or if you're versus, you know,
you're just seeing you and your rear view mirror,
or what.
But I do think that I'm like in New York
and I'm always like, oh, wow, everybody's hot.
And then I know that I'm like, everybody's trying to be hot.
But they're actually not.
Interesting.
I feel like when I went to that bar with you,
there's a lot of hot people there.
Which bar?
Uh, the Zebulon?
Yeah.
Do we have the Zebulon people show out?
But it still is so-
There's an air of desperation.
Mm-hmm.
New York. I mean, that's very LA in general.
For sure.
It's a desperate city.
That's why I've calmed into what I am today,
which is sort of like a Zen version of myself.
Where it's like, I don't, I could take or leave anything.
Like, ask me if I care about something.
It seems like you hold a grudge.
You named three or four people that hate you
and you're song up top.
And that's only, that's three of many.
Yeah.
That I could explain things effect you.
Chambers hasn't returned any of my calls.
Right.
Chambers are ahead of sales.
Yeah.
Can't leave you have a number.
Angie moved to Ventura because of me.
I've fucked up as that.
That's really messed up.
That's so far away.
Moving on to affordability.
L.A. I think.
Oh, they're both very expensive.
See me.
Yeah.
Especially since COVID.
The day-to-day expenses, though,
when I lived in New York,
were far exceeded the day-to-day expenses of L.A.
Also rent is like $400 cheaper
for what you get.
I think in New York.
Yeah, I think rent, no.
I think rent's more expensive in New York.
Yeah.
That's what I meant to say.
OK.
Have you looked at like one bedroom apartments in New York?
Of course.
There's a perfect one on Manhattan Ave.
Greenpoint, Prime Greenpoint.
How do you $3,500 a month?
$24,500 a month.
But that's a studio.
It's like the equivalence of what I have here.
Yeah.
$800 more per month.
If you want a one bedroom, I don't think you can find one
in Williamsburg, Greenpoint, under three.
That's crazy.
I live in a one bedroom in the East Village for $22.
Wow.
Yeah.
And Manhattan is cheaper than Brooklyn, right?
I guess maybe that's why.
Yeah.
There you go.
Which city has better century eggs?
I was a century egg.
Century eggs is like a fermented duck egg
in, uh, who don't cuisine?
Probably New York.
I think New York.
Because I haven't found good Chinese food in L.A.
Yeah.
Well, it's unlike the San Gabriel Valley,
you include that as L.A.
Yeah.
I just haven't made it up.
Sorry.
Yep.
I don't think you can.
I don't think you can include like something
in Los Angeles counties as L.A.
Like does the New York have good grass?
No.
But what if you count the Hudson Valley?
That's cheating, I'm here.
Or kind of like Brooklyn and New York.
Yeah.
Maybe prosper.
That's part of the, yeah.
Emma.
Have you had a century egg?
I don't know what that means.
Okay, I'm moving on to climate.
It's got to be New York, right?
Yeah, I mean, I think it's New York.
I like I enjoy the season.
It's though I will say it's getting cold right now
and I'm not happy about your pissed.
Yeah.
I'm cold over it.
Yes.
I'm chilly.
It's and has been a rougher transition this year
than years previous.
100%.
You're cold open of it.
Nice.
Because it's yeah, the beginning of winter.
Yeah, but climate is actually,
LA is on fire half the year.
Yeah.
You're dealing with mudslides earthquakes
drought then also flooding.
So I think doom at literally any second.
Still just waiting for the big one to hit.
We should die any minute now.
Yeah.
I, yeah, you're 100 years past too
for your catastrophic earthquake.
Yeah.
So yeah, let's say LA's worse climate wise.
So it will be getting worse.
New York will be getting kind maybe not better,
but it'll be different problems.
So will be Miami by the time my daughter's in college.
It'll be so heat.
Yes.
It's good.
Um,
Micah, climate.
Yeah.
I think New York is like immune to whatever
the climate is doing.
If it's snowing, if it's raining,
if it's sunny, if it's cloudy,
it doesn't matter New York is awesome.
For sure.
Uh, what about ease of retreat?
How many of you have, by the way?
This is one of our training.
Has to be New York because there's a lot of,
you can go,
there's a lot of different exit points
from the city and LA.
We already talked about the traffic.
You know, I was trying to get to Palm Springs on a Friday night
and took me almost two and a half, three hours.
I want to go to Portland tomorrow.
Go apple picking.
It's going to take me in a whole last day.
Oakland?
Oh, go go go.
America.
Oh, Oakland.
Got it.
My own body, my own body, breathe.
Infrastructure.
Let's talk about it.
Meaning.
Equal, I think.
They're both pretty good.
Yeah, you don't really know
because you don't know where it means really.
What do you mean by fine?
The bridges are okay.
Uh-huh.
Public public transport, though.
All right, New York.
We're going to have to go New York city work, city parks.
Right?
Have you had a century egg?
I've never tried the century egg.
I've never really had the,
because I'm always just like,
I'd rather have the general sales.
All right.
Now, maybe ask them to show over cook some fried rice.
Yeah, a char.
Piece of rind.
What is that?
It means how easy can you get fruit on the street.
LA takes the cake for sure.
I don't know.
I think New York actually does.
I best several fruit stands on my way home from work.
Really?
LA, your, your only fruit stands.
You can get your driving.
You have to, I kind of pull over.
Yeah.
But there's the one on, there's the one on Benton,
near the 101.
I can't think of another one.
I called the city on that one.
The fruit can be, I should have moved down.
Yeah.
Right.
That sucks of you.
Yeah.
Tax rates.
My own bond.
LA's better.
Is it?
Yep.
Okay.
She's like that.
That was the first one that was quantifiable.
Everything else so far has been increased.
That's why it's a debate.
If Marika brought this segment in,
you guys would be like, yeah,
let's really get into it.
That's really interesting.
Marika instead.
If it is a debate,
you would agree with everything that we said.
Because I'm always the answer to it.
I'm conflictive.
You're playing Angel's best friend.
I already sang a verse,
so I'm conflictive it.
That's the commercial point, right?
We will be right back,
but we're not gonna leave this segment.
We've got a lot of our points to get to.
This show is sponsored by BetterHelp, guys.
You ever feel a little off about the end of your season, right?
Do you ever not look forward to the holidays?
Maybe you struggle with seasonal blues?
Maybe the sun's setting at 5.55 each day
and only getting darker from here
until December 21st.
Or 22nd, I can't remember which.
Maybe makes you sad.
Whether that's seasonal effective disorder
or just the emotion.
Well, either way, in any case,
this time of year can be a lot
and it's natural to feel some sadness
or anxiety about it.
But adding something new and positive to your life
can counteract some of those feelings.
And therapy can be that bright spot,
amid all the stress and change.
Something to look forward to to make you feel grounded
and to give you the tools to manage everything going on, right?
I've actually up to my therapy to twice a week, fortunately,
because of the darker times, both outside,
my window and also inside my mind's eye.
And I'm better fitting from it.
So if you're thinking of starting therapy,
give better help a try.
It's entirely online designed to be convenient,
flexible, and suited to your schedule.
Just fill out a brief questionnaire
to get matched with a licensed therapist
and switch therapists at any time
for no additional charge.
Find your bright spot this season with better help.
Visit betterhelp.com slash what's that?
Today to get 10% off your first month.
Again, that's better help, HELP.com slash what's that?
Thanks, better help.
Are you a millennial who misses what life
was like in the 2000s?
Have you had a hard time finding new or curated music?
Are you interested in multiple perspectives
on relationships dating and music?
Then you're gonna love to see the thing is,
a podcast hosted by Grammy Award,
winning R&B artist Bridget Kelly,
and media personality and podcast trailblazer, Mandy B.
Twice a week, Bridget and Mandy
have nostalgic conversations in their grown segments,
political pop culture conversations
in their honest segments, and relationship hot take conversations
in the slightly toxic segment.
The opinions on the show are real
and brought to you by the genuine connections
the ladies have with their guests
who they like to call their friends with benefits.
Each week you'll leave with some new music recommendations
or a curated playlist that you didn't even know
you needed in their freshly squeezed music segment.
Most recently, the ladies have sat down with mooney long,
Chloe Bailey and Derey McKesson.
So be sure to check out those most recent episodes
with those killer guests.
Follow and subscribe to see the thing is
on Spotify, Apple Podcasts, or on YouTube.
New audio episodes drop every Tuesday and Friday
and visuals are available on YouTube,
Wednesdays and Saturdays.
Check it out.
And we're back.
Let's talk about sand or not.
You suck, man.
You made me deaf.
And then the first thing I hear back,
sand or not.
How do we, how do we debate that?
Are there beaches or not?
There's beaches in both places.
Better beaches in LA.
Yeah, according to the better beaches bureau.
I agree.
Get to.
Here's the thing.
I do really want to move to New York.
I don't think I should yet.
We talked about the waiting.
Why yet?
I want to make a ton of money doing what I love in my career.
And then I'm okay.
So you'll never move to New York.
Yeah.
It's better when you're dirt poor
because you don't mind all the inconveniences.
And like, what about the conveniences of the Penns?
Yeah, you have to be so rich to be rich in New York.
How rich do you have to have?
How much money do you think you have to have?
$1,000,000.
Probably like five million dollars.
You have to have five million dollars.
You can't have fun in New York without five million dollars.
You can't have a lot of fun.
But if you want to be rich and live like a baller lifestyle
and like have a cool house and a car and like,
you know, eat wherever you want.
It's a lot, a lot more expensive here.
I feel like Micah lives the perfect life in New York
though and he doesn't have five million dollars.
No.
Micah?
I don't, well, didn't you say like to ball out?
Yeah, you said you want to.
You said you wanted to be rich.
Yeah, I don't, I'm not rich.
Okay, so you have what?
Like three and a half or four million dollars.
That's a lot.
He can't ball out.
Not on three and a half.
But yeah.
All right, well, yeah, let me make five million dollars
and then I'll move to New York.
I think you can do it.
You shouldn't tie it to any kind of benchmark.
Right.
Because then you'll keep on moving the goal post.
You ought to just move out here.
It should be in your 20s I would think.
Yeah, the younger the better.
Yeah, really?
And now you have a significant other.
It's actually cheaper than ever to move here.
You couldn't have done it when you were single
because you'd have to spend three grand to live in a studio.
But now you can split that with a loved one or a lover.
I thought you were going to say he,
because he would be just pouring money out
and trying to get it to date.
Yeah, that's it.
Now it's cheaper to do that.
See, like, what are those kinds of quips?
Like no one would ever say that to Micah.
But then, like, I'm going to, like,
he loses at me and I came and see you're on the camera.
Yeah.
Sorry.
They all need about he's half ass, sorry.
Sand or not.
I brought that up though to be like,
the one time that I'm in LA
and I'm like, there's no place like this in the world
is when I'm at the beach.
Yeah, there's no else in the world of beaches.
Well, no, I mean, he's right.
He's, there are places with beaches,
but where you can like, you know, have your job career be on your tap.
Uh, yeah, excuse me.
I'm trying to defend you, man.
I'm like, if you're trying to be on the ground right now,
right or actor, he's like, he's living in the best possible place
for him career wise and also enjoying nature in that way.
Sand, yeah.
Sand being a tiny rock, so I think it's like Rick Mankin.
That's a great year.
I'm coming.
Landmarks.
Or not.
It's got to be New York.
I mean, we work right around the corner
from Teddy Roosevelt's birthplace.
You literally Teddy.
Yeah.
I'm all in LA.
You could just find where a fucking triple X movie salon
that Richard Nixon got caught cranking it.
Yeah.
There's still the after birth at the Teddy Roosevelt House
on the floor.
It refused to clean it up.
Yeah.
I found the iconic landmarks in the LA to be just very strange.
Like the Hollywood sign was just like,
and it was like a makeshift billboard for like a gated community.
And then yeah, like, I guess the grip of the observatory is cool.
But the James Dean statue.
Yeah, why?
And then like the lamp post art thing at Lachmys Fine.
And yeah, the playboy mansion is like a house that was built to look
100 years older than it actually is.
Meanwhile in like,
Rye and Bedford, New York, every single house next to each other
is bigger and better than the playboy mansion.
Yeah, there's more history out here.
Exactly right.
It's an older city.
There's never been an oil barion to live in Los Angeles.
Uh, uh,
the stuff isn't uninteresting if you engage.
Let's just move on to a preview.
Appreciating value.
That was double on Tondra slash edge sword.
Basically.
Yeah, the city is the, are the property values appreciating.
And then also is the city's value appreciating in the eyes of the younger generations
in terms of cool and cash.
Yeah, New York is a global brand.
LA is kind of a hack city piece of shit, second rate wannabe.
Nothing town.
It wishes it was Italian eight, but what it ends up being is just neat.
Yeah.
What's Italian eight?
It's like of Italian, like,
this fear.
It's like, it's like, he's not a Italian.
It's a Italian eight.
Isn't it just Italian?
Italian it.
It's like architecture.
It's like, you're sorry to infect Jake.
Italian eight definition, conforming to the Italian type or style or custom in manners.
Nice.
Century egg on a mirror space.
It's hoping you'd say that.
Um, iconic bag stores.
I think that's got to be equal.
Yeah.
No, I think it's New York.
So though it's a mall Beverly Hills is just a mall.
So is, you can go to Chinatown and get like the best knockoffs on the street.
Yeah.
I think New York.
If we're not talking knockoffs, if we're talking about the best actual bags, okay.
We're talking about LVM8.
Sure.
If we're talking about, because we're talking about in the coach,
error met, excuse me, error met.
Then I feel like we're, you're talking about Rodeo drive,
just as much as you're talking about fit the avenue,
just as much as you're talking about so ho,
just as much as you're talking about help has a dean of for that matter.
I think they're on equal footing.
I just, Rodeo drive is like, 100 yards long.
Fifth Avenue is like four miles.
I can't say I'm that I agree to change your mind.
I think they're equal.
Wow.
All right.
Let's end it on Rinder's sand.
He's that way.
Let's just, let's end this the way everyone wants.
Like we're going for this big.
We're moving on to a segment that I like to call.
Micah credit scores.
I can't hear anything you're saying.
You can't talk during the sound effects,
because they drowns you out.
You all have heard of the FICO credit score?
Uh-huh.
This is the Micah credit score.
Why did it have that intro?
It was just the first song button that I saw.
Got it.
And I fell on Fox.
Yeah.
So, how do you play it?
How do you play it?
Basically we're going to go down and Micah,
I want you.
You're kind of at the helm here.
It's almost a Micah takes the reins,
but I will be guiding your ass.
You're going to give each and every one of us on the room.
On the zoomer in the room, a Micah credit score.
Based on these line items.
So, let's start with the mirror.
And that's start with what this is broken down into what most conventional credit scores are based on.
But this is going to be for basically our personalities,
slash us as people holistically, right?
So, let's start with the mirror.
Uh-huh.
A 35% of most credit scoring apps use payment history.
As, you know, sort of a barometer.
The Micah credit score is going to be based on payment
history.
Payment what?
In the episode ends right there.
Payment history.
Basically, how fresh do they keep?
Not only their breath, but also their perspectives,
their clothes, their house, their digs, etc.
Taylor otherwise.
Okay.
And he's answering about a mirror.
This is just for a mirror for now.
How fresh do I keep my digs?
Is the question?
We're trying to sort of sift through the shit to find a little
kernel of question that Micah can actually answer.
Exactly right.
That's a question too.
That's up to you.
That's how fresh doesn't mirror keep his digs.
And I have to give him a score out of 35.
Think about it.
This is like, I know it sounds crazy, but you can really do this.
Yeah, it does sound crazy.
It's like, it does.
But that's for the community.
Interesting.
The easiest interesting.
Yeah.
We're trying to see if you how fresh you keep it.
He has to see my house.
Have you not seen Amir's house?
He has never been in the house.
It's the vibe you put off.
Yep.
Just 28.
Twenty eight.
Amir had the same backpack for 15 years.
What does fresh mean?
Does fresh mean like stylish?
Or does it mean clean?
That's where you're at that level.
You're like fresh fruit.
That's where Mike is at that home.
And it's up to your tidy.
You think he's neat?
Relatively.
Well, this is the microcredits.
This is the microcredits.
It's not the Amirium.
All right.
It's not the exterior.
The Amirium.
Right.
This is the microcredits score.
So like, all right.
And I'm trying to, I'm trying to influence it.
And I should stop.
No.
You have that.
I feel you're a 14.
But let's, that's like a Jacob credits.
That's Mike.
Mike has said 29.
28.
All right.
Moving on to amounts owed.
Now, basically, this is going to be like,
Did you guys see that speech that Obama gave like eight years ago where he was like,
if you have a business, you didn't build that.
And then like, the Republicans got all upset because it goes against this like pull yourself
up by your bootstraps mentality.
Yeah.
The same idea here where it's not what are your debts in terms of cash.
It's what are, how much do you owe to your upbringing, to your circumstance?
To the people that helped you along the way.
So what's your impression there in terms of a mirror's debts owed to others?
Is there a number?
Sorry.
He's not a 30.
Uh, nonsense.
Question.
20.
Amir, would you agree with that?
I don't even know what you're asking.
I'm asking how much do you owe your success and joy to others versus just all your own
ingenious behavior.
I would owe a 30 out of 30 to others.
Okay.
But Mike, I did.
Already graded you a 20.
So let's move on.
Okay.
I guess lower is better because it means like you did it yourself.
Yeah.
But now because it means you lack community.
Not really.
I think 20 is a really nice.
Good score.
You have a great support system.
And you did a little bit yourself.
I think that's really.
Which is interesting because now that lower is the score over the credit.
It's like in any in essence that is that being probably the best number to give and get because it's bound should get you a 30 sure.
Yeah.
Well, we do have to move on to.
So a lot of these credit scores used credit history length.
This is going to be fabric length.
And are we doing this for all of us?
They're just a mirror.
I was ideally going to do this for everyone.
But if we only get to Amir, I won't be mad at that.
All right.
It sounds like you want to do a dick measuring contest of one.
Family length out of 15.
Micah.
Jesus 15.
Not inches.
Just like score.
Yeah.
scale.
Let's say.
Yeah.
Think like a nine.
Nine is bigger than average.
Yeah.
Slightly.
Credit mix.
This is often 10% of credit scores.
This is going to be are you mixed.
Like we'll eat at mix to the salad place near the office.
Like is your ethnicity all won?
Oh, no.
This is to me.
And he's getting what?
This is Micah ascertaining and deciding of Amir's.
Ethnic background.
Out of what number?
That's going to be out of 10.
10.
5.
So he is.
Are you saying he is mixed or he's not?
Mixed of things.
All right.
5.
I don't want to disagree with.
23 and me says I'm 100% Ashkenazi Jew.
So that wasn't even an accurate assessment on like this part.
Why are we doing?
Yeah.
I mean, that's a great question.
Why are we doing this?
But the other stuff was also pretty random.
It seemed new credit.
Right?
This is often also 10% of a credit score.
And I think this usually ducks something.
But this question is more like how often does Amir strive for new?
Is he adventurous?
Does he go out of his comfort zone or not?
Is he.
This is what number 10?
4.
10.
10 is being the most adventurous?
Absolutely.
It is.
Like a two.
Yeah.
That's pretty accurate.
Mr. Payman's.
Mr. Taxes.
How often does Amir miss his parents?
I was feeling wondering there.
How homesick does Amir get.
Mr. Payman's.
Mr. Taxes.
How often does he miss slash long for others?
This is out of whatever you decide.
So just this is all bonus.
This is all great.
This could be a million.
So if it's zero, it's he never longs or never misses.
Exactly right.
So you can, this is, this is truly gravy.
Zero.
Okay.
Not getting any points there.
Two minute.
Too many inquiries.
Meaning how many hard credit asks has hit your social security numbers.
So this is the last tax ID.
Basically, there's no socially equivalent to this one.
It's absolutely is.
And it's a pull up your credit karma score.
Let's get the real number here.
You mean, this is not even close, right?
There's two more.
This is too many inquiries.
What I've gleaned for my social interactions with humans, my entire life.
People don't like when you ask them questions about themselves.
Or at the very least, there's like a threshold where,
there's too many.
Right?
And then people start to get a little abusive.
What's that?
It feels invasive.
Yeah.
I don't know.
So too many inquiries.
The last time that we were at dinner remembered off now was, it wasn't a work dinner
per se, but it was everyone that we worked with.
Well, it was a work dinner at per se.
Okay.
In, in during which you asked everyone to save their favorite thing about themselves,
both like personality trait and physically.
Which I thought was a weird.
Fine of inquiry to your conversation.
Well, clearly you've committed it to memory and are holding it against me in some way.
I didn't remember saying that.
We were at Mazel by the way.
Ta-da.
Right.
I didn't.
Yeah, nobody answered it.
So I don't know why anyone's upset.
I can say it.
What's my favorite thing about myself?
That's sad because they didn't answer.
Why did you say you were upset?
You pulled out a form of your ass.
Really?
Yes.
That's physically.
That's no problem.
Dad.
As in, he's let it go.
Let it go.
Let us go.
Don't do that, man.
He squats.
Micah.
Because I'm here to ask too many questions of others.
What is the scale for this?
I'm just doing zero.
Outstanding debt.
What more does he have?
To give.
Yes.
Ten.
Got it.
All right.
So calculating this out of the possible points percentage points of 35.
What number do you say?
Thirty, meaning less.
Fifteen.
Ten and ten.
Out of a hundred.
This score is going to be out of a hundred.
Twenty eight.
It's not just working parallel.
Plus ten.
Plus four.
It is.
Four percent.
So we're going to do 0.74 times.
What is it?
Eight hundred.
Fifteen.
A mere.
Buddy.
That.
I'm not affected by that.
Because it's been gibberish until now.
Your Micah credit score.
Ehh.
Drum roll.
Quief.
Drum roll quiz.
Are.
Beat the file.
Six two ninth.
Better.
You're not getting that advantage, Elanne.
Not getting that advantage.
Start pretty fast.
Not getting.
First.
When did you number drop grand the biggest prize congratulations.
Okay.
Anything.
No one getting here you.
You're the finance be it.
Secure.
You're not going to be able to finance the Jordan.
You're not going to be putting things on the way.
You're going to be on food stamps.
What do you say?
What is that?
Six what?
I said your your Micah credit score is six twenty nine.
So you did it out of eight hundred ninety fifty.
No, I did it out of eight fifty.
I did point them out of eight hundred.
Some of them.
Seven five percent of eight fifty.
Yep.
And I said you're not going to be able to finance.
You're not going to be able to refinance.
You're not going to be able to get the lower interest rate.
Like twenty twenty one January style.
You're not going to be able to do the clarina when you're trying to buy some kind of ring or
Cuban link designer mink.
You can't finance Jack because people don't think that you can pay for it in earnest or kind.
Uh, okay.
Or maybe not.
But at the very least, Micah.
Yeah.
Maybe not people is right.
Um, that seems like it's about enough.
Uh, plugs.
What do you guys have going on?
What do you want to point the people towards that start with Emma?
Then go Micah and then we'll end things with Jake and Amir as a duo.
Wow.
I have, I have no plugs.
You can follow me on Instagram at Emma Rosfolie.
You asshole.
Sorry.
Micah.
Micah go ahead.
I have no plugs.
Don't follow me.
Don't ask me.
Don't talk to me.
Don't find me anywhere.
I'm just happy to be here.
Thanks.
That was easy.
I'm here.
I'm on Instagram.
I don't know how else to say it.
I'm fucking happy to be on the gram.
It's at a mirror.
We have a new podcast segment.
You got to watch it.
Subscribe to the channel that it's on on YouTube.
It's like Jake and Amir podcast or something.
So find it on Instagram.
Are you talking about Jake?
Is that Casey?
That's Casey.
What is this episode coming out?
This is coming.
24th November 24th Thanksgiving day.
Yep.
Then you're really bearing this one.
Then I hope everyone had a great Thanksgiving.
You'll have missed me in New Orleans or Lando and Fort Lauderdale.
So don't bother buying tickets.
The shows already have been slaughtered.
Oh, come on.
At Jeffrey James on Instagram.
Watch this space.
I don't know what else to say.
There's some exciting stuff coming down the pipeline for the show.
No.
What?
One of the budgets.
Do you don't have the budget?
I tried to make this weekend.
I tried to make it something happen literally tomorrow.
When we're recording and it didn't.
What are you trying to make happen?
I tried to do a live show at Madison Square Garden.
Yeah.
We don't have the budget for that.
Really?
There should be a live show.
I don't know why that you guys are trying to do a mini tour next year according to Katie.
But I've a lot of over promising a lot of under delivering.
Yeah.
Katie.
I think you set your sights on that.
That's everything.
Everything she says she's going to be.
So if you're not going on tour, it's because Katie doesn't want you there.
Yeah.
So you're going to have to find out why.
SF sketch fest.
She says we're submitting.
Also, a mirror.
Can I nail you down in a veil right now?
Well, actually, I'll text you.
Namaste.
That's does folks.
Don't.
Be upset.
Don't take that energy into the weekend.
I'm here.
That was a hit-dum original.